README.md, before:

# Netflix Clone using MERN stack.

This repository contains source code for a Netflix Clone using MERN stack. After learning the fundamentals of each tool, I decided to give myself a challenge and this is the result.

## How to use

Download/Clone the project

-   API

    -   Create a **.env** file in root directory of api folder and add the entries below
        PORT = 'Your port'  
        MONGODB_URI = 'Mongo DB connecting strung'  
        ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET = 'Your secret'  
        REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET = 'Your secret'  
        ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRATION = 3000000ms  
        REFRESH_TOKEN_EXPIRATION = 30d  
        ACCESS_TOKEN_COOKIE_NAME = 'Cookie name'  
        REFRESH_TOKEN_COOKIE_NAME = 'Cookie name'

    -   Run **npm install**
    -   Run **npm run dev** to start project

-   Client

    -   Create API Key from The Movie DB https://www.themoviedb.org/signup
    -   Create **.env.local** file in root directory of client folder and add the entries below
        REACT_APP_THEMOVIEDB_API_KEY = '**API Key from The Movie DB**'  
        REACT_APP_THEMOVIEDB_API = 'https://api.themoviedb.org'  
        REACT_APP_CINEPLEX_API = 'http://localhost:**PORT NUMBER ABOVE**'

    -   Run **npm install**
    -   Run **npm start** to start project

*   Preview
    ![Image of app](https://github.com/dan-codinghero/netflix-clone/blob/main/netflix-clone-preview.png)

Commit message:

Updated readme with details of project

README.md, after:

# Netflix Clone using MERN stack.

This repository contains source code for a Netflix Clone using MERN stack. This application was built to mimic the netflix signup process to browse workflow.

Redux is used for state management in this app. For the authentication process, JWT token is used with a silent refresh token workflow. I built my own custom hooks for form validation and submission and created a wrapper around the fetch api. Please free feel to contribute and share feedback on project.

## How to use

Download/Clone the project

-   API

    -   Create a **.env** file in root directory of api folder and add the entries below
        PORT = 'Your port'  
        MONGODB_URI = 'Mongo DB connecting strung'  
        ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET = 'Your secret'  
        REFRESH_TOKEN_SECRET = 'Your secret'  
        ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRATION = 3000000ms  
        REFRESH_TOKEN_EXPIRATION = 30d  
        ACCESS_TOKEN_COOKIE_NAME = 'Cookie name'  
        REFRESH_TOKEN_COOKIE_NAME = 'Cookie name'

    -   Run **npm install**
    -   Run **npm run dev** to start project

-   Client

    -   Create API Key from The Movie DB https://www.themoviedb.org/signup
    -   Create **.env.local** file in root directory of client folder and add the entries below
        REACT_APP_THEMOVIEDB_API_KEY = '**API Key from The Movie DB**'  
        REACT_APP_THEMOVIEDB_API = 'https://api.themoviedb.org'  
        REACT_APP_CINEPLEX_API = 'http://localhost:**PORT NUMBER ABOVE**'

    -   Run **npm install**
    -   Run **npm start** to start project

*   Preview
    ![Image of app](https://github.com/dan-codinghero/netflix-clone/blob/main/netflix-clone-preview.png)
